Merge main into releases/v4 (#3523)
github/codeql-action: CHANGELOG.md

- When [improved incremental analysis](https://github.com/github/roadmap/issues/1158) fails on a runner — typically due to insufficient disk space — the failure is now recorded in the Actions cache so that subsequent runs will automatically skip improved incremental analysis until something changes (e.g. a larger runner is provisioned or a new CodeQL version is released). [#3487](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/3487)
- The minimum memory check for improved incremental analysis is now skipped for CodeQL 2.24.3 and later, which has reduced peak RAM usage. [#3515](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/3515)

> - Reduced log levels for private package registry connection check failures from `error` to `info`/`warning` to reduce noise from workflow annotations. [#3516](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/3516)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reduced log levels for best-effort private package registry connection check failures to reduce noise from workflow annotations. [#3516](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/3516)
```
